Software testing is a critical component of any successful software development project. To ensure that we had the best possible team of experts for our project, we carefully selected QA test specialists based on their overall experience and education. However, to get a more detailed understanding of their work experience, we also asked them to specify the exact number of years they had worked in the software testing field.

We are pleased to report that  team of experts is led by the highly competent Expert E, who has a total of 7 years of experience in software testing, 4 of which were spent as a QA test lead in  surveyed company. The position of QA test lead is one of the highest competencies in software testing, requiring advanced testing skills, knowledge of various testing techniques, and expertise in managing and improving the test process. Expert E has demonstrated proficiency in all these areas, and also possesses excellent technical knowledge of automated testing and the software domain.

In addition to managing their own QA team, QA test leads make important decisions in collaboration with project managers who are responsible for overseeing all aspects of software development. Expert A also has significant testing experience, with 5 years. All of our experts have completed the adoption process for new hired testers, which takes approximately 1 year, and have gained sufficient knowledge of the software domain and processes used in SDLC at our company.

Furthermore In order to address the main question of our research”Which specific testing techniques does your team use?”. it is vital to differentiate and recognize the key methodologies utilized by Research and Development (R&D) teams in their Quality Assurance (QA) testing. This necessitates the identification of techniques used by both testers and developers, which include testing types and static analysis, correspondingly. To commence our investigation, we created an initial inquiry.Below is a chart that displays the overall trends(see Figure–, page —).
